so I was just asking my daughter if she
has ever been on a ferris wheel before
this fabulous view of the city not
descending knee nice and only after we
got all on the ferris wheel that I
realized I myself have in fact never
once been on a ferris wheel in my life
my daughter has though my daughter has
been on one in Dijon France before and
now here we are going round a rail yeah
I'm so glad you can enjoy level 4 a 4
year old it's a little bit scary for not
too scary you can see the ocean in the
distance of one side and down the other
and she did a little scared she can just
hug up with us the ferris wheel and
enter nice
red sky at morning red sky at night this
game is more fun to play on the train
because the whale is constantly rocking
are you gonna color in the mask pink no
you think it's finished okay
I thought you could add feathers and us
Daigo so your disguised as yourself no
this time you didn't make a nose the
first math Schmidt you remember we saw
and we saw different types of fish
yesterday we saw octopuses we saw
clownfish the clownfish were the most
colorful maybe so you could you could
make a picture of a fish that looks like
one of the fish we saw yesterday at the
Museum if you want to also instead of
catching a fish you could draw boot
sometimes people go fishing and they
don't catch a fish they just catch a
boot Melissa I was not talking about
Melissa used to go fishing before she
became vegan once these two go
used to go this is what Joseph your dad
you know but it's true you can catch a
boot when when you go fishing but also
now that we're vegan if you wanted to
you could you could draw some tofu you
could draw you could draw some vegan and
we have we have vegan fish tips in this
kind of how big is the fish more than
the worm so you think when you catch
this fish he's just gonna nibble a
little bit on the worm he's not gonna
eat the whole worm yes I think you
either need to have a fish that is
bigger than the worm or a worm that is
smaller than the fish but that's okay
tiny little fish for your imaginary
fishing world